---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-09T21:21:44.499Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-09T21:20:04.034Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-09-7be59bec-5795-4374-a06e-a33de7789fc6.md
published: true
url: 7be59bec-5795-4374-a06e-a33de7789fc6/index.html
_type: Article

---
**At SelfCareOasis.com you will find The Pilgrims Path; a foundation of a good healthy mindset in self-care.  
The Pilgrims Path subjects include wellness, clarity, and emotional self-care, building new ways of being that will soon feel familiar.  
The journey is to listen and become truly responsive to yourself. Once honored, you will begin to see balance restored to all areas of your life.  
The world does not exist apart from your own care. The place to begin is here. YOU are the one you've been waiting for!**

Welcome! I'm Gael Chiarella Alba. SelfCare Oasis is your place for renewal with simple, speedy, mind-body reminders.

Whether you're busy caring for others, swamped at your desk, or facing the ever-present need to focus and get things done, the demands for Self-care must be honored and heard.

Self-Care is the ability to be resourceful and resilient while aligning your thoughts, feelings and actions with your surroundings.

First you must release tension -- it blocks creativity and will eventually make you overwhelmed.

Second, you must focus. Addressing one thing at a time is a critical step on the road to success in self-care.

Third, you MUST renew! Integrating the events of today moves you into the creativity of tomorrow.

The 3 free meditations offered here are part of The Pilgrims Path and are the foundation of a good healthy mindset in self-care.

Short, to the point and simple to comprehend ... ease itself comes with habit, so listen often and remain open to change.

The Pilgrims Path subjects include wellness, clarity, and emotional self-care, building new ways of being that will soon feel familiar.

The journey is to listen and become truly responsive to yourself. Once honored, you will begin to see balance restored to all areas of your life.

The world does not exist apart from your own care. The place to begin is here. YOU are the one you've been waiting for!

Namaste.